So he's so good
No wonder Master Su, you don't fight against him
But he won't be arrogant for long
I will educate him myself
Got Yechen's blood
You can start the inheritance.
I'll look forward to that.
But you can't scare the snake
That gentleman Yechen is not simple
By the way, Mr. Xin
The southern development project
Can you take Ruoxue for a step?
That's no problem.
But are you not afraid that the southern project will lose money?
Then I'll let him not lose money.
Then say it.
Uh, I can't say this.
Temporarily confidential
But what if you take my word for it?
I can tell you this.
The southern project
Over 100 billion was designed.
You want to buy all 4 of the largest plots of land
Wow. Is it that big?
Big Su is making so much money in the southern project
You let Miss Yan invest
Why don't you vote?
I'm not short of money
Can't you two make more money?
He was cut off by Su Yizawa again
I don't know why that chaos
Know what we did wrong to Qin Mengyao
It seems that we don't need to cooperate.
Qin Shao, don't worry
I didn't try my best.
It's all Su Yize's fault
As long as there is no him
I will take down Qin Mengyao in minutes
Aren't you awesome?
Then you have the ability to kill Su Yize
I am waiting for your good news.
Su Yize, you forced me to do this
I'll see how you die